# Fixrbot Product Pitch
## Press Release
Imagine if you have a tool that learns from hundreds of other programmers' code. Our product, Fixrbot, mines the programming usage patterns of hundreds of open-source projects on Github and identifies potential misuse in your code. 

Fixrbot is easy to set up. We plan to make the bot available on the GitHub Marketplace. To use the Fixrbot, install it for a Github project, and it should start working automatically without any further settings.

Fixrbot prevents bugs from ever appearing in your project by automatically catching them in the review process before the code get merged. Whenever a `git push` happen, Fixrbot analyzes the program and find potential misuse of an API usage pattern. It will then report back fix to those problems in terms of pull requests. And each alert will have their pull request. Inside pull request, the Fixrbot will not only provide suggest changes but also detailed information about why our backend finds this particular API usage suspective. For example, our bot will give the commonly seen API usage pattern the developer use incorrectly. And Fixrbot will also provide samples in term of links to open source codebases where they use the same API usage pattern accurately.

For some alerts, it may be hard for Fixrbot to find an automated solution to fix the problem. In these cases, Fixrbot will generate Github issues instead. The layout of an issue will be similar to a pull request made by the bot, though issues will not suggest changes.

All the issues and pull requests generated by the Fixrbot will have "Fixrbot" label so project maintainers can filter them in or out quickly in the issue or pull request list. Developers can customize this process by setting up a `.fixrbot.json` file in the project root. For example, they can add labels "Bug Fix" and "Wait for Review" to the pull requests generated by the Fixrbot.

A more effective way to prevent bugs is preventing pull requests by developers get merged if they contain bugs, and Fixrbot also supports such workflow. Fixrbot will automatically analyze all pull requests made by developers, but not examine the pull requests generated by itself. Like other linter bots, Fixrbot will add a "checkbox" as a comment for pull requests to indicate if the request passes our analysis or not. The pull request cannot be merged until the alarms by the bot get resolved. If the user pull request is coming from a forked repository, the Fixrbot will generate the same kind of "fix me" pull requests or issues in the forked repository.

## Questions
Q: How to customize the bot's behavior on my repository?

A: Fixrbot should provide a sane default, but you can add customization file `.fixrbot.json` in the root of your repository.


Q: What is the advantage of BigGroum in term of static analysis compare to traditional linters?

A: Linters rules need to be written by programmers, so all those linting tools will miss a lot of useful rules. Also, current linters will not do the symbolic analysis in terms of a graph-based representation and a pattern mining algorithm, so they cannot delve the program as deep as BigGroum.

Q: What programming language is currently supported?

A: Our backend, the BigGroum project, currently support the **Java** programming language.

Q: What about duplications of errors?

A: The tool should not generate warnings for the same problems multiple times.


Q: What happened if a push from user fixed a particular problem?

A: The tool should close issues or pull requests if the problem no longer exists.
